## User Story 1
- As a user, I want to log in with a greeting page that asks you to click the log-in button by entering my email address and password if I already have an account or register if I do not own an account by clicking the register button the page so that the page redirect to the registration page. On the register page, I am able to fill out a valid email address and design the password as I wanted. I also can upload a picture from my computer to set it as my account figure, so the account can be fully personalized. After that, I am able to click the finish button so that the registration page will be redirected back to the log-in page. 
- As a user, I want to log out to retrieve and protect my diaries so that my personal information will not be shared without my permission. I can click the log-out button on the top right side of the dairy page if I want to log out, so the page will redirect to the greeting page. If I do not click the log-out button but leave the dairy page open for thirty minutes without any action on the dairy page, the diary page will redirect to the greeting page again, so my private information can be protected if I forget to log out the diary page.
- As a user, I want the greeting page to pop out a warning while I enter the wrong password or email address so that I am able to recognize whether the web page is not working or the log-in information is incorrect.

## User Story 2
- As a user, I want to start my diary by pinpointing my diary location on a map. It is the first step to the creation of a diary in this app. To create a diary, click the “create diary” button, and the app displays a map for users to select a place the diary content is about. 
- I can choose either to directly pinpoint on the map or to type address and the app pinpoints that location for me. If the address typed in cannot be found, the app will ask me to put in another valid address.
- After successfully pinpointing a location, I can start creating my diaries and uploading multimedia content, which will be the function described in User Story 3.
- If I want to find a diary of a certain place I have been to, I can access that diary by selecting pinpoints on the map provided by the app.
- The importance of this function is that the app serves mainly for diaries of travels, and having clear pinpoints on the map helps users to easily recall which places they have traveled to.

## User Story 3
- Uploading Content: As a user, after creating a story, I want to upload text, images/videos, and music as media for my diary from the local. By clicking the Upload button on the top right side of the dairy page, I am eligible to choose different types of content with text buttons, multi-media buttons, and Spotify music buttons. In order to upload music, I can click the Spotify Music button so that the page is redirected to the Spotify login platform so that I can reach my personal music. When I click the text button, I am able to write the diary directly on the diary page. If I want to upload images or videos, I will be asked to choose media from my own computer so that the diary can be fully personalized on my own.
- Deleting Content: As a user, I would like to delete media uploading by myself before from the diary. Users will be provided with functions to delete and edit the media they uploaded. When I want to delete the specific section of the diary, I can move the mouse on the section I do not want to the cross button will appear on the top-right corner of the section. As a result, I can only delete the materials which I do not want without changing the remaining materials.
- Saving Content: As a user, I would like to save the diaries after completing uploading text and media both on the cloud and locally. Users will be provided with functions to save the diaries. 

## User Story 4
- As a user, I want to be able to create different folders to store sets of diaries. Offering a method of collating memories and events into geographically-tagged diary entries, it is natural to want to organize these memories based on the context of these memories. For example, one can imagine as a user that you would have access to an overview of your diary, with subfolders of specific memories such as “15th anniversary” or “Trip to Cabo”. This offers the opportunity to be able to reminisce on specific events and share these moments with others
- At upload, the user will be presented 3 opportunities to locate the memory. Either the user can place it in the general folder, which is just a collection of all the user’s memories, create a new folder that would be automatically generated and populated with the memory, or add the memory to an existing folder. 
- As the diary autosave the posted time, it also presents the point in time after the folder is generated based on the location. General folders contain specific locations with years, subfolders will contain a more detailed date, “Trip to Cabo” in 2007, April 4th. Such that, it provides users the ability to see the folder of memories in location and time. 
- The sharing functionality will take folders into account, allowing the user to share either a single memory or a folder of memories, at which point the recipient will be able to go through the album of memories. 
- Users should be able to collaborate on a shared folder of memories, so group events can be documented and enjoyed. Users should be able to upload memories directly into a shared folder or transfer existing memories into the shared folder. There will also be an option to invite other users to a shared folder.

## User Story 5
- As a user, I want to be able to share my selected diary with another user. No man is an island, though making a private diary satisfy my desire to store my daily activities, I am also longing to forward some of my moment of uniqueness to another user on the application as well as peeking the secret life of strangers. 
- To accomplish that, I need to first “create” a diary. And then, before “publish” it to “my diaries”, where all my past recorded, there will be an option to make this diary “sharable”. Once the diary is marked as “sharable”, the diary will be discovered by a random, yet limited number of other users of this application, and they are and will remain, complete strangers. The stranger can view, comment on my diary, and this sharable diary will be served as the solemn connection between us, that is, the comment section is the only place where the conversation takes place, there won’t be a way to trace a user, friends adding, and etc. What’s more, a stranger cannot view the comments made by the other stranger, since I wish to concentrate on the interaction between me and the stranger. However, do keep in mind that once the diary is made “sharable”, there is no option to “unshare” it. The closest thing is to “delete” it, and once deleted, the strangers will no longer be able to have access to your diary.
- And if I want to be the “observer, I will select the “peek others’ life” on the main page which will lead me to a new page. On this page, random sharable diaries will be assigned to me and appear in this page. If I click the diary then I will be able to have access to the diary, so that I can view its content and make comments.
